Before I stopped off in Thailand, I was in Australia.
To start with, I wanted to get as far away from home as possible.
So off to down under, I thought.
After my studies, it was clear to me that I wanted to continue with translation - I had already done quite a bit in that direction as a student.
One of my lecturers, Josef Kölbl, who like me is also interested in computer history, then put the flea in my ear: "If you translate, you can work from anywhere in the world." At the same time, in the other ear I had my mother's voice whispering to me - as so often - "You won't get anything right anyway, computer science is not a real science." Let's get away from such messages, I thought to myself.
Both impulses brought me directly to Sydney.
There I first took a room in a hostel, and after a few days I found a coworking space through one of the online exchanges.
That's how I ended up with Pierre, Raoul and Bernadette, an Algerian, a Mexican and a Swiss, all three of whom worked in the travel industry.
They were fun to be with, we went to concerts and threw back round after round of gin and tonics.
Being with them helped me get started in the nomadic life.
An apartment became available at Raoul's apartment building to rent by the week, and I grabbed it.
With the jobs that my former lecturer Josef Kölbl arranged for me and new contacts through my office neighbors, I've been managing well with the money ever since.
I have organized a bicycle as a means of transport: New places can be explored more intensively on foot and by bicycle than from a car.
For hours I biked and walked through Sydney, especially the tour along the beach to the high Waverley cemetery right on the cliffs has it in me: From the famous Bondi Beach it is a beautiful walk.
From my apartment building, I was quickly at the beach by bike.
The feeling of being in a big city and at the beach at the same time made my first weeks very sweet.
Especially since I traveled from Germany to Sydney in the beginning of autumn in the spring and did not miss November in Berlin, after a beautiful late autumn I landed directly back in early summer.
In these thoughts I continue to walk through Bangkok, when my best friend Lola announces herself via video call: She's awake because she's taking care of her three-legged dog, who is sick to his stomach at the moment, has been howling in the middle of the night and needs petting.
Lola has a heart for animals, especially for dogs, and actually always takes care of at least one creature that needs her attention.
I tell her I'm just lost in memories of Sydney, to the excesses of my neighbors.